{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh14520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Old Gorvi is getting drunk again.  How long are we going to put up with his crap?\
I guess as long as he is picking up ours!  haha\
\
\
Room at the white deer are more luxurious than at the rusty dragon.  Too bad no one wants to stay with Harridan!\
\
\
Quick is going on again about how the lighthouse used to be a weapon - it could shoot fire a mile out to sea!  Would be handy to have that these days.\
\
\
Gaffer Vosk (worker at the boneyard) used to be a smuggler.  He\'92s killed a dozen men!\
\
\
Sarah\'92s Armory is the best place to buy weapons and armor.\
\
\
Blind Risa at Risa\'92s Tavern is actually a sorcerer - don\'92t complain about the drinks.\
\
\
Lara at Rovanka Tannery does great work, but you better be willing to wait for it.\
\
\
Heard from playing children:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 "Here comes crazy-man Das Korvut,\
Mad as a cut snake in a wagon rut.\
See how his chops go bouncity-bounce ?\
How many people has he trounced?\
One! Two! Three! Four ... "\

\fs18 \
\

\fs24 At the Pillbug\'92s Pantry you can get medicine and potions - and poison, if you know the passphrase.  \
\
\
Bottled Solutions is OK for alchemy, if you don\'92t mind occasional misfires.\
\
\
If you really need to know what happened in the past, you should visit the library at House of Blue Stones.\
\
\
The curious goblin might be a good place to meet some other smart people - reading types.\
\
\
Don\'92t let Cyrdak\'92s charms fool you - Jasper Korvaski is his true love.\
\
\
Is there anyone that the General Store\'92s owner Ven Vinder\'92s youngest daughter Katrine won\'92t sleep with?  Word is she shacking up with the Harker boy from the lumber mill.\
\
\
Katrine is the smoke, but Shayliss is the real problem.  They should have named her Shameless!\
\
\
Ameiko only came back to this bar because her life of adventuring ended in disaster.\
\
\
The best kept secret in town is the identity of Ameiko\'92s lover.\
\
\
If you want to drink, head to Hagfish.  If you want to fight, go to Fatman\'92s Feedbag.\
\
\
Hannah\'92s is the place to go to cure anything - including an unwelcome pregnancy\'85\
\
\
\
 \
}